and nothing else the area
carol w
the recipe was presented and peppers stuffed with hake
convince me
I advise you that the root is an excellent recipe
we cook about 500 grams of frozen hake without skin 3 that gives
same and book we have
we see we will carry a large onion in small pieces
the hake we have reserved we look at what it's called
in the sky
lasarte with a jet of oil cc
is to brown the onion
and when it is exhausted we add the hake of smith
to this we also add a few tablespoons of bechamel expressen but
let's mix it with the bechamel and the quantity the groups
efe let's go
one
as
oo
as per stan
are ready to withdraw about 10 500
so you pray like cerati
that yes no that they do not face
with a bit of financial stability if you think it's not very close to 715
in that instant
six piquillo peppers
river played that we stayed
and all this
we crush it until it is not
scientific
at headquarters
Deposit
we put the foundations like this one hundred fountains of mud
you want and we cover with this time sam 'in which we have done are exquisite
baked
180 degrees in motogp
that is the result is that the 200 with the top layer toasted thanks that yes
in the scream tennis
like a long time
to make these peppers stuffed with meters to the needy 500 grams and
Hake fillets is always complicated
the big onion
16 peppers of the piquillo exams pisa for the filling pecha I would do for
cover
point thanks to all of you for following well if God
week after week